Create a project directory using mkdir project
In project directory--
1.Create the virtual environment.
 python -m venv myvenv
 To start the myvenv - myvenv\Scripts\activate
2.Upgrade to the newest version of pip.
 (myvenv) ~$ python -m pip install --upgrade pip
3.Install Django
 3.1 Make a requirements.txt (in project directory) and write Django~=2.0.6 in it. Then install Django by using the command pip install -r requirements.txt
4.To create a new project, write django-admin.exe startproject mysite . Now some python will be automatically made which should not be renamed or moved.
5.In the project,after using above command, a manage.py and mysite folder will be made automatically
6.manage.py is a script that helps with management of the site. The settings.py file contains the configuration of your website.
7.Do some changes in settings.py like setting the timezone,language,databse,allowed hosts etc.
8.To create the databse,write python manage.py migrate to the cmd.   ????
9.Create a new application using the command python manage.py startapp <appname>
10.In settings.py add your appname at the end in installed_apps block so that Django knows to use it.
11.Now make changes in models.py to define the models which the app is using and tell the Django the changes made using command- python manage.py makemigrations blog.
12.To add the changes made in models.py to the project,use Django admin. It makes the models visible to admin.
13.Go to mysite/urls.py and add the functionalities to make the homepage for the project and create its url.
 13.1 Make a new file called urls.py in the project folder and add path of your views and url patterns to give it access.
14.Create views in the project, it helps in requesting information from the model and pass it to the template.
15.Now create templates to re-use present information in a consistent format. It is made in html.
16.Create a forms.py file and design and add the interface and all the functionalities for the project.
17.Make changes in the forms.py and views.py to run the project properly.
18. Do the changes according to your project and its done.


To run the project:
python manage.py runserver
python manage.py migrate myapp